[Music]
I'm at one of the video I hope you're
doing really good you're safe healthy at
the moment in today's video I'm going to
be taking you through a productive day
with me at home whilst working from home
and in quarantine isolation like the
majority of it I wanted to put out like
a helpful video I don't know a lot of
people are also working from home and I
just want to share some like tips and
tricks that have really helped me as
recently I've mixed up my routine quite
a lot and just trial and error different
you know bits because since been in the
house like the majority of the time I
have had serious cabin fever but the
first thing that I found sea peace for
recently is getting out straight away
for a walk first thing in the morning
before it gets like busy with people
like walking about and stuff but I've
just felt like it really sets me up for
the day and just makes me feel instantly
quite productive and I'm still kind of
like half asleep when I'm walking around
so it doesn't really feel like I'm doing
that much but that way I've got my body
moving and it's nothing too intense and
it just wakes me I can listen to like a
podcast or whatever I fancy NAT whilst
I'm just reaching around I'll take for
now P as well so it's just quite nice he
saw my recent morning routine video rust
and quarantine and I've also been
incorporating meditating and saying this
all out loud I'm just like who's this
girl I'm talking about but it's just
like ways that I've really helped me
stay saying recently because I've had a
few wobbles I've had them days where I
just like felt no motivation or just
felt a bit like what's going on in the
world and so it's just that helping
manage all of that and also just my
mental health as well with what is going
on like we're all being affected and
probably in quite a lot of like
different ways but one thing that I
would say is if you aren't feeling like
100% mentally ivory take time for you
and don't worry about work right now I
just thought like your
Taotao and and just spending like
self-care time on you i'm going to take
you through the rest of my day I would
really appreciate it if you could hit
this video with a like it helps my
channel and supports me so much and
we'll get straight on into it good
morning my little morning stroll it's
about 10 past 7:00 and it's so frosty
today and I think it's going to be
another gorgeous day and I don't mind
these kind of days when it's like chilly
but really really lovely and sunny it
really sets me up for the day
and it's nothing intense or anything but
it's just like a little bit of me time I
just pop a podcast on and and yeah just
get some steps in really because with
being at home it just makes me feel like
I've been out as well I'm not very
chatty because I haven't had my coffee
here and I have actually brought my
sunglasses with me today my eyes have
been super dry this week exam and that
Roaccutane medication for my skin so
it's random struggling with hair so yeah
that's one of the side effects so I'm
just trying to be extra cautious and my
eyes have been like streaming but yet
[Music]
so I'm just gonna write my to-do list
before the day I think this is super
important and something that like when
you feel like I'm just in the house like
work with me all day like I don't need
this to the kids let me show you the
other day I didn't write anything and I
felt like I should had the strangest day
I just didn't really get much done and
I'm pretty sure it just from not writing
my to-do list which I usually do so just
try and keep like a bit of a routine you
know your little rich fours like - my
coffee naman if you priorities that I
need to get done I don't completely
write pages and pages full anymore I'm
not going to sleep over whelming and
then when if you don't get older and
you're like unproductive and
demotivating so just being realistic
especially at this time
[Music]
oh my nails are irritating me so much
right now like I've lost too and
obviously won't we get it leaves done
anytime soon I would like a UV light and
so like a gel nail thing off Amazon so
we have to give them a going but
obviously it's not gonna be like acrylic
and a half of the shortest nails I bite
them as well so this isn't going to be
pretty I think I could be more British
right now we've had pretty skies for
like the past five days I think now it's
been a gorgeous it's still quite cold in
the mornings but I can I can live with
that
and here I'm with my first ice class
iced coffee my hair looks one I've got
so I'm gonna like bomb on these lips I'm
going to talk about my skin actually at
the moment later on and I'm gonna make
some breakfast I'm just gonna have some
like holds them protein oh it's what I'm
craving
[Music]
here's my little array top hands I love
so here's my little oh it's broke first
pan over the nicely tomorrow that I just
put some berries and then or like my
seeds and can't count it and then
negative chocolate so it's another
gorgeous day absolutely no a cloud thin
at the sky so thankful for the nice
weather in the UK at the moment I think
it's making things a lot more bearable
right now and yesterday I cleared out
one draw which was my like Jim Weider oh
that was just like the wooden bit
underneath is actually breaking this
it's really heavy and I feel like I'm
having y'all as a holder until it came
to Jim where like I just can't seem to
let go the draw that I'm talking about
like I tried to tell you yesterday but
because it's so full you pull out one
thing nature's messes the whole thing up
so I need to take a load of that to a
charity shop at some point I just wanted
to go through some of like my skincare
routine at the moment because I'm honor
octane if you didn't already know which
is that quite really quite really it's
an intense acne medication and my
goodness me it was all fun and games I
think I was on one of my vlogs and I was
like ah I haven't really had any other
side effects and then three weeks in my
god it hit me like a ton of bricks and
my lips have just been constantly chat
you know on the inner sides of your lips
I was just bleeding so so painful and no
amount of lip balm or treatment is duly
thin so just you know it's the whole
process that I'm just pushing through it
but I've actually changed my moisturizer
recently but I've been trying this and
CeraVe think it's a French brand for
very dry skin on my face and that has
helped a loads I don't know why my kids
just won't really
doing anything I was still working at a
really dry skin whereas I felt a lot
more hope hydrated using that and then
this is some experience I've got my e45
which I'm constantly putting on my tan
is an absolute nightmare these days like
it's just always cracked and I can't
really help it and I've also been having
quite dry eyes lately I haven't been
sleeping the best this week but I found
this own op tracks to full action for
dry and tired eyes has really helped so
they're kind of like my three combo this
is also from my Amazon video that I did
if he about a week ago I think and just
some castor oil which I popped on my
eyebrows and I've been using it's like
hair mask as well and that is really
really good like I've really recommend
this and all of those are not like crazy
expense and then as I mentioned this
morning let me show you my nail clips
now I haven't actually tested it yet as
you can tell the nails are not done but
this is my little UV lamp that I got
Amazon haven't tried it but you know you
can't go to rehab so I make a little
nail salad I'll definitely do that in
like a self-care video so I'm live with
like no brows being done and flour not
my nails cause absolutely loving this
jumper at the moment it's from do you
even and these are also and do you've
interest these like speckle leggings so
comfy this is a new addition I actually
haven't really mentioned this I've had
it a while through so that I haven't
mentioned in here but and I found it in
like a furniture clearance store I
couldn't believe it because who we
actually what I've been after to be
honest and be yeah this is a little
beauty room set up at the moment I'm
just going to clean some stuff in the
kitchen and I've been working at this
playlist on all week old-school R&B neo
so sick I wish I could play something
about getting coffee right just have a
little dance around the kitchen make
sure you do that on a daily it really
helps with your mood and stuff and then
I'm gonna do a little bit of work and
then get a workout in later dudes with a
minute just like trying to split my dev
as much
as I can and that way I'm not like
solidly trying to work for hours on end
and then just crashed
[Music]
I've been popping lights and my fabric
conditioner in them I think it makes the
whole house and the whole kitchen it
smell so nice it's a little hair I've
just got my little workcenter popped
Candida just having some essential
omega-3 and vitamin D spray which is
just like an old and some water
I tried drink as much as this and just
like refill it as much as I whilst I've
been working this week is where I've
just been putting like a chill playlist
on Spotify
[Music]
see this being pop masonite started
watching the stranger yesterday
absolutely hooked for an episode 5
there's only like three more episodes
I've just got ready for the day I always
feel so much more productive once I've
got a bit of makeup on and I'm dress and
stuff my outfit of the day I've just got
these and like cocky lark fans the hook
and slippers and this white top I
absolutely love these kind of like heels
because it's almost like you're in Javas
but they're a little bit smart
[Music]
I was having so much chicken and all the
potatoes these are like my favorite them
you just pop them in a pan for 10
minutes because of the hot water and
then in the oven for 20 they're like
really soft and you can make them crispy
and stuff and then I'm just having so
chicken I've used like an lemon season
in my chili flakes really nice and happy
and then you can just have it like some
salad I always found today's when the
weather gets a bit warmer
[Music]
so just ordered these frozen yogurts
often deliver a bit of banana
you think I need mostly armed we always
put our own like syrups on top in the
end of this video I really hope you
enjoyed it and do let me know if you do
try any of the tips that I've mentioned
if you find any of them useful you can
message me everyone what Instagram
haven't already don't forget to Like and
subscribe and I will see guys in the
next video